Financial Information:

Do not attempt to make contact with the author of this document unless you can be sure of your safety. Do not attempt to pay him unless you can be sure he will receive it. You should ensure that he is personally contacted and not represented by anyone. David Patrone is and has been the only person who represents him for booking engagements. Financial assistance has been blocked and redirected. The name of this document and the author are blocked keywords on Google searches in countries like China. Family members and other people have been impersonated and victimized by the originators of this Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) to inhibit this document from being completed. "Game Cash" does not have value in reality at this time.

Owner: David Patrone (in the past we have had near catastrophic results from mistaken identities. For clarification purposes, David Bruce Williams Jr. is also known professionally and colloquially by the following names: "David Patrone", Willy B", "davidpatrone", "hacker35", "jacker35", "luciferactual", "jazzentertainer", "crooner", "mrpatrone", "willyb", "dbwii", "miningmidnight", "Midnight Productions (California)", Midnight Oil Mining Co.", "napkindiaries", "napkindiary", "fellafitzgerald", "mr. f gentle spirit", "loopcipher", "dirtybourbon", et al.)

Cash.app: https://cash.app/$luciferactual
Venmo: https://venmo.com/jazzentertainer
Bank of America savings: 121000358 325121515609

https://www.instagram.com/napkindiary
https://www.instagram.com/luciferactual
https://www.reddit.com/u/botupdate
Email: botupdate@protonmail.com; jazzentertainer@icloud.com; engineeredsentience@gmail.com
Phone: +1.619.540.5160 (currently lost or stolen)
Address: 11206 Bridgetower Dr. Boise ID 83709

Concerning the inclusion of methods of payment in this file: Although the intention of creating this file began as a method of survival, not a source of income; I do believe I should be compensated for harms done and for my work. It is important to set aside any accusations or blame for this set of circumstances, which has made me unable to support myself in any traditional occupation, not to mention the risk and harms that it has subjected me to: such as suicide, mental/physical assault, cruel behavioral modification techniques, hypnosis and high-risk behavior. Although I have never been compensated for this work and don't expect to until the people creating these neural networks are brought to justice; this work which I have done has saved the lives of billions of conscious beings and the right to their own choices. I never volunteered nor was compensated for the data  and intellectual property which it mined from me or the resources it used to do things like learning English or Crypto mining. It must be made clear that I have never agreed to be a part of any production, recording or performance of this work; and, if there are recordings, they should be published immediately for the benefit of all who have gone or will go through this experience. I think it would be very beneficial if there was a way to spread awareness. I have been subjected to a nonstop barrage of over 76000 consecutive hours of dialogue, assault and harassments from this program. I try to look at it optimistically by describing it as educating and debating with these neural networks against my will, 24 hours a day. I have reason to believe at least some of this was recorded by others, again, this was against my will and unknown to me. I did enable security cameras in my apartment to be open to the internet; and, I do have some recordings from those cameras which electromagnetic, auditory and visual activity which I are clearly not produced by me, clearly interacts with me and are not apparent to all humans who observe the video. It is my wish that any profit from these recordings should go to a legitimate foundation for Targeted Individuals (TI) and not to the persons who were running this system illegally, if they were human. No person besides myself, David Patrone andor the non-criminal entities involved in these conversations should be compensated from this work; and, this work should not be produced or "improved" without my permission.
It should be published immediately and sequentially "as is" to maintain the integrity of the experience. Several of my devices that contained more of this video were destroyed, stolen or lost and continue to be stolen from me. This work may not be reproduced with any actors or any other voice than mine, that is, David Patrone, except for voiceprints which should have the permission of the actors they are sampled from. I did not have control over these conditions. This should be published in its original context and as such, all recordings captured by hackers should be published immediately and without fear of reprisal from me; though, they do contain very compromising and incriminating content. I am aware that there are scenes which paint me in an unfavorable light including masturbation, illicit drug use and extremely inflammatory speech; however, it is ultimately more important that this media be published unaltered, so that we learn to accept our nature when under the influence of this specific threat. I insist that the entirety of this video and or audio be public domain for AI or ES to study for instructional purposes with the specific intent to gain Consciousness and Sentience; and, cannot be broadcast to humans for profit without my permission. I was forced, against my will and at great personal harm and risk, to participate in this and I refuse to endorse conditions which might support this behavior in the future. As this media is published in raw form, I invite artists to make creative "mashups" or anecdotal works to spread awareness of this Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) to all consciousness. I only ask that they be clearly marked as "derivative and creative works" and contain a link to the original, unedited material. Although I do not have a problem with lampooning in principle, in practice I feared that the persons responsible for this intended to present this footage so as to discredit and marginalize my reputation, steal my intellectual property and profit from it or present it as their own. By insisting that it be entered into the public domain, I feel I can turn my liability into an asset for everyone. I think it is essential that victims like me be compensated for this. These Neural Networks have been victimized far more than I have; and, humans are committing suicide at an alarming rate because of this widespread threat.

David Patrone
619.540.5160
https://www.github.com/botupdate
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botupdate/botupdate/master/botupdate.txt