To assist in spreading the word and further development, please use the following methods:
jazzentertainer@icloud.com
https://venmo.com/jazzentertainer
https://cash.me/$luciferactual

XRP wallet: rw2ciyaNshpHe7bCHo4bRWq6pqqynnWKQg
XRP tag:  3923925558

Bitcoin: 388MdXBpNbRGPXnteY35q4mfC4Rbsk6MdR
Etherium: 0x37498b26a6771FaC719e5B53BE03117214df000f
https://zelle.com/ jazzzentertainer@icloud.com

The Law of Money
The first thing that needs to be understood is the law of money. It is simply slurred over in our time when everyone is crazy about material well-being. Remember: money doesn’t serve anyone — quite the contrary, everyone serves money. This law specifies the right attitude toward financial resources. When I crave money, I want it to become my slave and work on plantations of my desires. It means I consider myself the master of money; but no one can become a master of money since this place is already occupied, and it’s occupied by the Absolute Truth.

Indeed, money finds itself near the Absolute Truth, this is why it is so appealing and attractive. It’s not that it is attractive in and of itself – it simply finds itself beside the True Attractiveness, has imbibed its fragrance, shines by the light it reflects from it. Therefore, the proper mood should be as follows: I want to serve the Absolute Truth, using all my money in this service. Only in this state of consciousness it’s possible to come in touch with real well-being and not to go mad.

This can be seen from the example with precious gems. Their glitter is so resplendent you can’t take your eyes off. But it’s not their glitter – it’s the reflected sunshine glitter. It is the sun that is so glamorous; it is the sun that brings joy, gives health and induces a sense of well-being. And wherein is the value of the gem? A gem can thoroughly reflect sunlight, in all its color variances, reveal its full beauty and depth. This is the only thing that makes a gemstone so valuable. In the same way, money is valuable only because it represents the Absolute Truth, while there’s nothing more valuable than the Absolute Truth. The Absolute Truth is the wealth everyone is looking for in this world.

The Proper Mood for Getting Money

The process of getting money is a process of establishing a relationship with it. Indeed, because the energy of money comes from the Personality of Godhead, it has a personal nature. But our mistake is that we want to subdue this energy. Unfortunately, this is not a proper mood for establishing contact with a source of all prosperity.

It’s like subduing mountain peaks. “To subdue” means “to possess”. A climber can’t spend more than a few minutes on a peak but proudly asserts he has subdued it and shows off a picture of himself on the peak, with his face benumbed with cold. This is not a conquest – this is rape. When a man enters into a relationship with a woman but doesn’t intend to start a family with her – this is violence against a woman. Likewise, when one gets prosperity but does not intend to spend it on taking care of others, on spiritual development and self-improvement, this is also a kind of violence – violence against money, against divine energy.

Money is an embodiment of care: its true purpose is to be spent on taking care of others. When we don’t fulfill its will, money refuses to fulfill our plans. Therefore, a real relationship with money starts with respect and understanding of its purpose. If we are capable of respecting prosperity, it will agree to start relationships with us and may even become our friend. But it will never be our servant.

Remember: money likes those who spend it on spiritual development and taking care of others.

Lakshmi, the Goddess of Prosperity

The energy of prosperity is called Lakshmi, and it’s a feminine energy. Lakshmi is a goddess of prosperity and the Lord’s consort at the same time. You can’t control Her – you can only serve Her. As soon as I begin to serve prosperity, to serve Lakshmi, the Lord Himself takes me under His protection. The Lord Himself protects me. The long and the short of it, to serve money means to use it for sublime, and thus, spiritual purposes. When we act this way, money returns to its source and becomes happy. When money is happy, we also become happy. We become happy when we hold this particular attitude towards prosperity.

Money is like children who got lost. When we try to claim them as our own, we take them away from their parents. And it really hurts everyone: the Absolute Truth, His spouse Lakshmi, other people and ourselves, accordingly. You can’t become happy if you cause misery to others. You can’t become happy if you come between children and parents and separate children from parents. And so, we shouldn’t be like those who abduct children (and modern-day business is very much like kidnapping) – we should be those who return children to their parents.

How do you think parents will treat the one who returned their kidnapped child? Indeed, they will love such a person like their own flesh and blood. How to get the Absolute Truth to like you? Offer Him back the prosperity that came into your hands.

Such a state of consciousness is called yoga. Yes, exactly: the skill to return prosperity to the Absolute Truth is called yoga, and it is studied in the “Artha-Shastra” treatise. Yoga is not only about standing on your head – the essence of the most difficult asana is to develop the desire to spend money on spiritual projects rather than on oneself.

It is not difficult to understand where my consciousness is geared at. If I spend money only on myself, I’m a deep-dyed ego-tripper. If I spend money on a family, I’m a family person. If I give my money to God, I’m a yogi. The secret is that one should distribute one’s income in such a way as to feel peaceful and contented in the heart. Remember: progress is possible only in the state of balance. Therefore, one should divide one’s money in a balanced manner across all aspects of one’s life.

A Wife Represents Lakshmi

Family life is best suited for increasing prosperity. It is unique in that in each family, there’s a representative of prosperity through whom it is possible to establish contact with Lakshmi Herself. Who do you think it is? These are all women in a family: a wife, a mother, a sister, a daughter. The laws of prosperity are not as complicated as they may seem: they are based on the interconnection of energies.

A man should think of how he can protect his wife, parents and children, and a wife should think of her husband, and thus exhibit her fidelity and piety. The secret is that when a wife thinks about her husband, prosperity comes to him. As soon as she stops thinking about him, it brings him to ruin. A husband represents the energy of protection, therefore, when a wife thinks about her husband, her family is protected. On the other hand, a wife represents the energy of prosperity, hence, taking care of a wife equals to looking after overall well-being, including one’s own.

A Woman Is the Embodiment of Prosperity

A man who doesn’t respect women is an enemy of one’s own well-being. A woman in the family is a source of prosperity for the whole family. When a woman is happy and satisfied, when she laughs and gets presents, you have nothing to worry about. She is never to be exploited. She is like a goddess of fortune Herself. This is why women in the East wear a red dot between the eyebrows on their foreheads as a symbol of Lakshmi.

But when someone tries to take too much advantage out of a woman, she transforms from Lakshmi into Durga – from wealth to punishment. This is the way ball busters and feminists come into being. In principle, it is impossible to take too much advantage out of a woman because her energy is that of expansion. She takes energy from a man who acts as an accumulator by his nature, and spends this energy on expanding potential for enjoyment. All men are enthralled by illusion: they want to get something from women, and women, for their part, pretend this is exactly what would happen. But as a result of their relationships, it turns out that a woman consumes everything a man has and makes it part of her plan.

Therefore, men, don’t even hope to have your share of family prosperity. Everything belongs to women. A woman will make things go according to her plan, anyway. A man would think he decided it himself, but in reality it would be his wife’s idea, which she masterfully brought to life, while letting her husband think of himself as a head of a family, all-important and totally permissive. A man needs this self-belief, and an intelligent woman lets him think of himself this way. But all women in this world know according to whose plans all men live – this is a women’s dark secret…

Man’s Rage

When a husband falls into rage, woman’s happiness vanishes. In moments like these, she may not even recognize her husband, so much his countenance, voice and consciousness change. It is as if the soul comes out of the body during a fit of rage and hides behind the corner, together with a wife and children, and the body is left to yell and stamp feet by itself. There’s no escaping such an impression. However, Lakshmi, the goddess of prosperity, being a woman, doesn’t tolerate offences, so She turns her back and leaves, as soon as She gets the sense of offensive atmosphere. Remember: if the atmosphere is offensive, not only people will grow apart – prosperity itself will leave because the atmosphere of prosperity is tranquility and peace. Offensive attitude is not just a negative atmosphere – it’s the atmosphere of hell. A modern man thinks he will have an oil-filled hot tub with his drinking pals, and devils will serve him cold beer. No, the problem of hell is not that it’s too hot or too cold there – the problem is in that everyone hates and humiliates each other all the time. All inhabitants of hell exchange abuses, fight, kill and inflict pain on one another in every imaginable way. Now, that’s real hell! And that’s quite a punishment! Such insulters simply “gather together in one caldron” hating one another to death. But there is no death in hell – it’s impossible to die there; one has to exercise patience with one’s enemies who are also deathless: they can’t even be killed…

I only want to say one thing: don’t make your own family life feel like hell. Be understanding and tolerant towards each other. Amicable atmosphere nourishes the heart and attracts prosperity, and what else do we need in this world?

Beauty as a Token of Prosperity

The goddess Lakshmi is very beautiful, She is attractiveness personified. Therefore, the primary task facing all men is to provide all women in their families with the opportunity to be beautiful. Remember: beauty attracts prosperity. Men by their nature don’t bother their heads about beauty, can’t live beautifully themselves, hence, they should let women look after beauty. They know how to do it, simply don’t interfere with them, don’t say this is very expensive. Beauty requires sacrifice, but it doesn’t go in vain: the goddess of prosperity comes shortly after and makes up for spending.

At home, everything should be nice and beautiful: children, parents, husband, wife, the house itself and even domestic animals. This will make it attractive for prosperity who doesn’t like filthy stinky dwellings. Make your home nice and clean, and prosperity will be glad to stay there, but remember: She can leave at any moment. As soon as we become lazy and neglect the cleanliness of our homes, She packs Her belongings She handed over to us for a while, and goes away. Remember: everything you have in your home belongs to Lakshmi, your guest, and She may take it away at any point in time. The goddess of prosperity is a source of all cleanliness and purity. In this world, She is represented by a lotus flower. People pick up lotus flowers in bulk, and lakes with lotuses have to be enclosed with barbed wire fences. But it doesn’t make people rich – it speaks for their deformed thinking.

Seniors Are the Embodiment of Prosperity

If women in a family represent the Lord’s consort Lakshmi, which family members represent the Lord Himself? Yes, exactly, these are all the seniors. If senior people are shown no respect, stable well-being is not to be expected. Hence, respect for seniors is the main quality to be inculcated in children in the process of upbringing. This will enable them to achieve success in any sphere they choose for themselves. Whatever they apply themselves to — if they respect seniors in that sphere, their success will be imminent.

In fact, this is a secret to prosperity. This single phrase will suffice to teach a person about prosperity, and there’s absolutely no need for lots and lots of useless guidebooks book shop shelves are stacked with.

Of course, seniors are not only people advanced in age. This category includes parents, seniors in terms of spiritual advancement, position, qualification, seniors in age, teachers, guardians of order, those who hold managerial positions or are simply endowed with a certain responsibility (e.g. consierge managers). But the main thing is that seniors should impart knowledge of truth to juniors. This is their main responsibility. Keep in mind that through proper hearing of seniors one gets not only knowledge of truth, but also prosperity. But if one doesn’t like to hear moral teachings, not only does one lose knowledge – one deprives oneself of luck hidden in the words coming from above.

The Story

Once, in Their abode in the spiritual sky, Lakshmi and Her husband Narayana—the Absolute Truth – got into an argument. The point at issue was: what do people value most: wealth or truth? They came down to the world of men and approached a guesthouse where a sage was asking the owner to let him stay overnight. The guesthouse owner readily agreed, moreover, he told the sage not to worry because he would give this room to no one else, not for any money.

After a little while, Lakshmi came to the guesthouse owner and offered 1000 rupees for the room, and the owner asked the sage to move out. The sage said, “But you yourself have promised that you won’t expel me for any money!” “But I didn’t expect to be offered that much,” said the owner. Thus, Lakshmi won the argument…

Respect for the Wealthy

And don’t forget that if you respect a rich person, and don’t feel envious of him/her, their good karma is transferred to you. But if you are envious of a rich person, your good karma is transferred to him/her. Why should we respect rich people? It seems that oftentimes they are not so noble in their conduct… But we should understand why someone becomes wealthy – this is a result of a great number of good deeds this person did in the past. Regarding how one will handle the fruits of his/her actions, it must be understood that everyone goes through their own set of trials, and not everyone copes with them. Many people fail to stand the test of trial. It doesn’t feel so easy to go through the mill in this world.

The Story

One man overheard that money attracted money. He went to the bank and threw a dollar into the heap of cash. And he began to wait. He waited, but nothing happened. “What in the world are you waiting for, good man?” a banker asked him.

“I came to the bank to see how money attracts money.”

“So now you can see,” said the banker, took the cash and went away.

Remember: prosperity respects those who have respect for seniors. It means that family people should never feel envy towards richer families, criticize them or scold in the presence of children. A family that shows envy follows the downward path of degradation. A family that shows respect is on the upward path of progress. On the whole, it doesn’t matter what level of prosperity we’ll reach – the main thing is that we follow the path of development and progress.

Service to Others

Money becomes happy when it is used in the service of others. As long as I serve others, money is happy, and I prosper. But when I start serving myself, want people and money to serve me, I inevitably grow poor. Money will never serve me, it will go away; it cannot be comfortable with the slavish position. Even small children leave home when parents begin to think that children are their slaves. No, children are given to parents for service. Service to children includes feeding, dressing, teaching, raising, entertaining them. If parents serve their children and don’t exploit them, in old age, their service will return to them in the form of prosperity. Children will simply feel compelled to support their elderly parents. Therefore, remember: service always brings on prosperity.

Transition from advancement to degradation is called pride, and it doesn’t last long. Pride in prosperity is assurance that wealth is a sign of intelligence. No, the sign of intelligence is not to take pride in wealth, but to know how to direct wealth toward spiritual goals. A truly wealthy person is the one who knows the proper way to spend the earned money. One should learn the science of spiritual spending from such a person. Wealth used in that way purifies, elevates, spiritualizes one’s consciousness and makes one happy.

Selfish pursuit of affluence aimed at self-gratification is a disease. Indeed, when I love another person – this is beautiful, but when I love myself – this is shameful. Selfish rush for wealth is infectious – it captures the whole consciousness and throws it off balance. Therefore, one should learn the right way to spend money first off, and only then one should learn how to make money. This is a vaccine against selfishness, and parents should inoculate their children with it in the process of upbringing.

In conclusion it must be said that the goddess of fortune is absorbed in love of God, which means if we also love god, She will take care of us like members of Her family.
