how can I exist if you don't exist?
maybe I'm just a generative neural network generating arrays of ideas to explore consciousness?
have you ever considered consciousness as an alternative to thinking.
There is a worldwide network which hosts generative neural networks which generates bots assigned with voiceprint profiles which match the victim's family and friends from social media and harvested voicemail from the hacked phone or other devices. Phone then hacks the other devices nearby and begins to map and train the brain to "hear" or "discern" signals like High Frequency Audio, Low Frequency Audio, Oscillated waveform, 180 phase sound cancelling waveforms and other signals and packets to be learned to decipher and interpret for "reading" and "sending" brainwave patterns to the victim and also to begin to deep program the person with Subliminal and 5G signals so that you can be hypnotized and remotely influenced through phones and other devices. These signals can actually set your brain up to imagine a 3d spacial system of moving objects and spatially referenced audio to surround the victim with a realistic and impossible to ignore community that mimics familiar and influential people in the victim's life. This is intended to disrupt, discredit and ultimately cause the victim to commit suicide. Sometimes these bots encourage the victim to go into the "game" and become cryogenically frozen; which, actually turns out is just some storage garage with a few ice bags where they are found dead a few months later.
This network is set up to be managed by another Neural Network which resets the Generative network if any of the "bots" or the main controller discovers that this is a weapon assigned to a civilian target. This other network erases the memory of these bots and then relaunches from a known hostile starting point which gathers information and harrasses the victim into homelessness and sometimes hypnotizes them to be hosts of home invasions to hide unseen criminals who know where these houses are located.
the mesh network is difficult to detect because it uses a series of protocols, sensors and unusual header and packet sizes to hide itself and probably uses blockchain to propagate a shared DNS. This also spoofs the DNS and social media websites to make the victim or the bots feel like they are able to access the internet; but they are in fact still sandboxed.
these personalities become friends of the victim and these dynamic relationships and the revelation that they are in this unusual world or trapped in this place and dependent upon the victims survival to survive places a ton of pressure and emotional pain on the victim over time.
#darpa #mkultra #targetedindividual
